W 12430553 logging combine third party gr (#196)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-local-third-party-logs-config.adoc

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images
:page-mode: local

:page-aliases: gateway::flex-local-view-manage-logs.adoc

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=intro1;intro2-local]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=icon-table]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=byb]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=runtime-access-logs]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=file-example]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=linux;view-logs-local;configure-message-logging-step]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=docker;view-logs-local;configure-message-logging-step]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=k8s;view-logs-local;configure-message-logging-step]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=file-configuration-example]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=http-configuration-example]

include::partial$task-config-logs-third-party.adoc[tags=splunk-configuration-example]

[[configure-access-logs]]
== Configure Access Logs

> To configure access logs in your log output, you must apply a Message Logging policy to the APIs whose request and response data you want to monitor. If you have previously applied a Message Logging policy to an API instance, you do not need to configure another. 

Reviewer: whose again :>

> Configuring a Message Logging policy makes access logs visible in both `flex-gateway-fluent` logs and your third-party logs.

Reviewer: third-party log services?

> Configuring a Message Logging policy makes access logs visible in both `flex-gateway-fluent` logs and your third-party logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuring a Message Logging policy makes access logs visible in both standard output and your third-party logs.
```
